the Indian Premier League within the
cell hugs incredible hundred health
Delhi Daredevils record a sensational
for wickedly clear where they can charge
us say Lux blistering hundred and
nineteen off just fifty six balls kept
Delhi's hopes alive in the Indian
Premier League it was a knock based on
brutal power and sheer cricket
intelligence two inconsistent teams
battling out in a must-win game and put
in to bat Deccan suffered an early Joel
in the form of Ravi Teja
but shekhar the one continue to lead the
charge for the horse with Kumar
Sangakkara after the fall of Dickon duo
it was JP Duminy stern to pulverize the
Delhi bowling with Daniel Christian
using the long handle in the slog overs
the Hyderabad side reached a competitive
total of 175 for five Damini top scored
with a power-packed 55 of 31 balls while
christian was unbeaten on 27 a G's a
Gurkha was the Pick of the Delhi bowlers
with two for 29 James hopes and A Wish
Castle we took one wicket each Delhi's
chase began on a disastrous note with a
fiery Dale Steyn dismissing opener Aaron
Finch in the very second ball then a
Shawn Sharma struck twice in quick
succession to make things worse for the
visitors but Delhi still had a skipper
at the crease so have all gradually got
into the groove and launched a
blistering counter-attack the Deccan
bowlers had no answer to his ferocious
batting while the fielders were mute
spectators to one of the most
devastating batting displaced in the
Vark of the job girl eventually perished
after slamming 119 of just 56 deliveries
but that was too late Sonia Cara's boys
Cope's and yogin de nagar scored the
remaining runs to clinch a magnificient
for wicket victory for the visitors
among the deccan bowlers stain and a
Shawn picked up two wickets apiece while
Amit Mishra and Christian got a wicket
each the emphatic win gave Delhi a
lifeline to stay afloat for the playoffs
while dekins failure to break your home
jinx drop them to the eighth place on
the points table Sports Bureau times now
I think it was one of the best inning I
have ever played in t20 s because I
never got 100 and you know and people
who are talking about inertia box would
get under D in t20 because the game
belongs to save all the way he's betting
so and for six over didn't go our way so
we lost three wickets and we was as 29
runs in for six hours I thought yes they
don't have a 4/5 bowler so if I can
target fourth and fifth wall or maybe
target is achievable and the moment I
hit 22 runs in Shawn Malhotra is over so
I thought now I get the moment